INCEPTION

Hypervisor: the software that controls the Virtual Machines, like Virtual Box.

Docker is a program that manages the life cycles of containers, edit them, run them, interact with them..

CONTAINERIZATION is the ability to create a lightweight environment where the processes can run on a host 
operating system… they share all the same things in that OS but they can not touch anything outside of 
their little bounded box.

Docker will pull images that are already known form the Docker Hub. 
For example if I do `docker run hello-world` docker replies in the terminal:
“Unable to find image ‘hello-world:latest’ locally
latest: Pulling form library/hello-world”

THE MAIN RELATIONSHIP DIAGRAM:
From a docker file.  ——docker build——>.   docker image.  —-docker run———>  container

“While VMs simulate an entire machine, containers only contain an application.
“A container is an application that has been packaged with all the files, configurations 
and dependencies, necessary for it to run. “

Main disadvantage for the VM:
The containers share the underlying operating system between them. (While VMs can run 
with any OS, regardless of the OS of the host computer.”
… so if the operating system on that server crashes, all the containers will go down…

DOCKER COMPOSE is a tool for creating a multi-container application, where services can 
talk to one another easily and efficiently.
Docker compose, by default, will use a .env file to load variables.

Image name follows the pattern: `name:tag`

`volumes`: here we give the name of the volume that we want mounted into this container 
and then there is a colon and the path that this volume gets mounted to onto the container.
So whenever the container saves some data, like in a database, it actually gets saved to 
the volume we define here.



The Docker engine includes the Docker daemon, which is a background process that manages 
Docker containers, and the Docker client, which is a command-line tool that allows me to 
interact with the Docker daemon.

A Docker image is a lightweight, stand-alone, executable package that includes everything 
needed to run a piece of software, including the application code, libraries, dependencies, 
and runtime.